Q-1===========
I’m an unemployed citizen from Bangladesh and want to learn Microservices with Spring Boot. I have programming knowledge and experience.I have completed a training course on software development on J2EE with scholarship.  I think it will be beneficial for my work. But I’ve no job of my own to carry the expenses to pay for the certificate of this course. I live only for my scholarship,it is very much difficult for me to gather such amount of money for the certificate. Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs. So I’m badly in need of this financial aid.I want to take this course as I want to learn.This Course will boost my job opportunity . It will help perform better in understanding and learning this technology and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course.I plan to complete all assignments on or before time. Also I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I have found to supplement my learning immensely. I also plan to grade assignments which are to peer reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity.

Q-2==========
My main career goal is to learn every day. I really want to learn and to progress in my career. Programming requires constant learning and improving. Taking this course will help me to learn and study this Microservices Architecture and also to implement it. It can help me advance in my knowledge.This course will help me in defining Microservices Technology,understanding how Microservices could potentially impact software development ,to write a thought leadership piece regarding use cases and industry potential of Micriservices ,explain this Technology to clients, friends,joining a community of economists, business leaders, entrepreneurs, and technologists that are shaping this technology as we speak.Identifying which aspects of Microservices  seem most important and relevant to us,Walking away with a strong foundation in where Microservices  is going, what it does, and how to prepare for it. Microservices  with Spring Boot course will help me achieve it to learn. 